The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I'm a little nervous about Iran though. That seems like real.
That, that makes me want to get educated on the subject. So I could really.
The one thing that made me feel better is when they were screaming death to
America, death to America recently, the president of Iran was like, well,
when we say death to America, we don't mean the citizens.
We like the citizens we're talking about, you, Donald Trump, you know?
Yeah. Saying that for a long time,
that death to America chant that's been around. Right. That's a tough sell.
Yeah. We know what you're saying. You're saying death to America. Okay. Like,
that's one thing that you don't want to be misconstrued.
If you want to make signs and yell. Like you don't like you don't like, Hey,
we're not talking deaf, deaf guys, right? Oh yeah. Definitely not. Death. Death.
Let's go out and scream debt to America. Everyone's going to know like,
that'd be the worst way to communicate something. Like why,
if you don't really think that,
why would you say death to the American political system,
death to the American military complex, not death to America, right?
That to America is everybody. How did they got us all mixed?
Mean we don't have nothing to do with this guys. We're just over here, chilling.
How they got us messed up in some international conflict that you actually have
to think about. Might come in, knocking on your door. What,
what ineptitude mixed with scumbag theory led us to this
position? Who did, who did this? Is it the Iranian guys?
Did Trump do something he shouldn't have done?
Doesn't it seem weird timing though, with this whole, uh, impeachment.
It's all weird, dude. It's all weird. The fact that Trump can kill people,
just understand how crazy it is that you got a guy like Trump,
who could just go send it in, send the missile, just shoot missiles.
He could just listen, man. Don't give me that power either.
Don't give anybody that power for sure.
But a guy like Trump guy was a famous for
being mean to people on a reality show. You're fired,
famous for being a baller. I mean, that's what he's famous for.
He was in that's.
The crazy thing is like he was in rap songs all the time and like a
complimentary way that guy's life has gone through an arch.
Home alone too.
He who's at home alone too. And in Canada, those silly,
they edited it out. The CVC edited out the Donald Trump scene.
Cause it's offensive,
offensive to a suit who really enjoy films without
Munsters that's history. You're going to go into naked gun and get rid of OJ.
We can do, what are you gonna do? You gonna take OJ out of the NFL archives.
What are you going to do? Now? This is life.
You can't make life prettier by pulling Donald Trump out of home alone.
You're supposed to look at it and go, holy,
who would have thought that guy would be the president one day it would be
killing dudes. And it may be starting world war three,
like a Stephen King novel. You know,
Stephen King's freaked out by Trump. These media posts, oh,
what happened there?
These media posts will serve as notification to the United States.
Congress that should I ran strike any us person or target the United States will
click quickly and fully strike back.
And perhaps in a disproportionate manner,
such legal notice is not required, but it is given nevertheless,
dude, this that I don't like to see on Twitter.
That seems so bizarre. That almost seems like the, the,
the simulation theory has hired like comedy writers to come in and
subtly with everybody that he can just put that on Twitter.
How can they just put that on Twitter?
Like I thought there was a series of checks and balances, you know, I mean,
this is ultimately a one guy can have like an instantaneous press conference
anytime he wants just by putting something on Twitter.
And then there's all these people that go, you got to ban them for Twitter,
but here's the problem. You ban him from Twitter. Gab is going to,
he'll go to gab, right? If he goes to gab, gab, all of a sudden skyrocket,
because everyone's going to want to go to gab to see Trump talk on gab,
where it's full freedom of speech. What if he starts swearing on gap?
What if they make a deal with them? Well, if they give them 50% of gap,
because they think it's eminent because of this, a war in with Iran,
this could be a movie where they're going to ban them from Twitter and Vigia
and, and Jack Dorsey has to leave. He's in a meditation,
a silent meditation and Bally, and the has to fly in.
And he has to figure out whether or not they can make this executive decision to
ban Trump, but everybody's calling for it.
Ban Trump ban Trump ban ban them. And then they,
if they bend them off Twitter,
imagine if you went to the thing and the page said banned,
you would just open up your windows and hear liberals cheering like king Kong
just fell off the empire state building he's banned.
The YouTube videos would be spectacular.
Do you know how many virtue signaling dipshits would have YouTube videos,
just screaming and pumping their fists in the air and pointing to the screen
with Donald Trump and says owned. You know, maybe it would be,
it would be hilarious.
And all he would have to do is do that and go over somewhere else.
And that new platform would be gigantic.
Cause everybody would want to know what he says. And if he says it over there,
everybody else has just retweeted on Twitter. Anyway,
it would probably be like killing coyotes. You know how you kill coyotes.
And then they make more coyotes like a female. When they, when they,
when they shout out, that's like a roll call. And if someone's missing,
the female makes more babies. That's one of the craziest things about coyotes.
That's why they're everywhere. That's what would happen with Trump.
If they banned him off Twitter, his signal would be bigger than ever.
It would be bonkers. Like they're in a precarious situation now too,
because these, these social media companies, they're,
they're being labeled as someone who would ban freedom of speech from certain
people, if they don't believe with their ideas.
Now this happens to be the president that they say,
you can't have freedom of speech on our platform anymore.
Then everything is like out the window. Like, what is this? What are we doing?
And then if it backfires and Twitter loses all of its power and some other
company comes along and takes the spot.
Some company that promises to never do that to the president,
let people express themselves,
but explain perhaps through a series of checks and balances while you can't
stalk somebody or be mean to somebody or make any sense. Or we just.
Him being on the most popular, it's like Twitter.
Then like the most popular platform. Cause he could do radio.
He could do anything and nobody sees it.
No one's paying attention to the radio or the TV things that he does.
And everyone pays attention to his tweets.
Well, it's interesting because he's kinda think he has he, I mean,
he's a guy that obviously he does a lot of business deals and he does a lot of
deals simultaneously.
It's the only way he can have as many properties as he has. You know,
he's got Trump towers everywhere.
He's got them in Vegas and Chicago and all over the world. Like,
he's gotta be a guy that's always thinking about doing the next thing.
And if he was like, you would think he's like setting himself up as a business.
It's like, he's a business. He's he's now not just the president.
And he's always been a business. He's always been a celebrity in, uh, in,
you know, iconic financial character.
But now his entertainment,
like what he says about life and everything is super valuable.
If Trump like Trump had that show, if he decides to have a podcast,
do you know what God crazy? It would be. If Donald Trump just pulls up,
has a YouTube channel, talks to the camera, says what?
He really thinks about everything. They release it as a podcast as well.
And no one can stop him because that's freedom of speech.
His freedom of speech has let this guy talk.
Do you know if he started threatening people like threatening?
I ran from his YouTube channel. Like what the?
Imagine if world war three is caused by a tweet.
Imagine if Trump threatens someone and they retaliate to show,
they're not scared. We nuke them. And then, oh my God,
from a Trump tweet, is that possible? It seems like anything is possible.
He's probably.
Going to do it right at the end to.
The end is a weird one, right? Like, is it going to be a few months from now?
Or is it going to be four years?
That's with all this Iran things,
it might happen faster if I didn't think it was going to happen at all.
But now maybe this Iran thing. Yeah.
Maybe this is for.
The purpose. He's not going to just go. That's the thing.
And there's a lot of people that don't want them to go.
The Republicans don't want to lose power.
And they're very smart in that. Even ones are, you know,
that were never Trumpers. At one point in time, they've accepted him.
He's a fascinating guy. He's a fascinating like human character.
If you look at him in terms of like
just his PO go back to that photo that we're just looking at.
Let me see that big time. He's a fascinating character, man.
And he's also a very strong guy in a lot of ways,
like mentally strong in terms of what he's been able to accomplish.
All the business deals always believes in himself.
There's something about that that gets other people. And they,
they sort of like,
they get a little kissy around them and they just,
they want him to like them. Cause if he doesn't like you it's devastating.
If Trump goes after you on Twitter, he gets mad at you devastating.
So they all want them to like him. So look at them all reaching for him.
Like that's like a, that's a painting one day that they'll have on the caves.
They'll cave. Paint that after world war three,
after we get Newton to the stone age, they'll they'll cave,
paint how a guy figured out how to be
just mean enough,
but just nice enough and have all these people like them and
literally be able to kill someone with a press of a button.
And then everybody wants to touch him. Like, look at that.
They're reaching for them. They're reaching. Look at the guy in the back.
They're all reaching. It's like a Michael Angelo painting, bro. It is.
And that this guy somehow got into this crazy position from hosting a reality
show and getting really famous by telling people they're fired.
And now all of a sudden he's he's deciding whether or not
they can nuke generals into another dimension from a robot
that flies and just shoots missiles.
And the missiles are called hellfire missiles. Did you hear.
I think Russia has it. That Supersite goes 20 Mach 27. Oh Jesus Christ.
We'll drop it from space.
And it just like rollercoasters itself it and like we don't,
I guess we don't have a thing to stop it yet. It's 27 times the speed of sound.
Oh Jesus.
This is the space war. This is why Trump wanted to have a space for us.
When I heard about a space force, I was like, what do you, what are you doing,
man space for us. But here's the other thing when you're 74,
whatever he is, do you realize you're 74? Are you just alive?
I think you're just alive. Especially if you're on diet pills,
then I think you're really just alive. You're out there. You're just grinding.
You just like grinding because that's how you do it.
You just go out there and you kick.
He's not thinking about riding off into the sunset.
He's not thinking about any of that, but people,
we think that way when we see someone in 74, but like, oh, by the time he's 78,
he's going to want out. He's not going to want out. He's not going to want out.
He's alive. Is he alive? Yeah, he's gonna, he's going to keep going.
Especially if you're stimulated, if you're, uh, artificially stimulated,
you know, I mean, I'm talking right now. I'm drinking coffee.
That's why I'm so excited.
Does he take talking yet? I hope he does. I hope that'd be great.